Wait for store data ready when finalizing initialization on MXKRoomDataSource (#670)
matrix-org/matrix-ios-kit: CHANGES.rst

=========================================

Improvements:
 * DTCoreText: Update DTCoreText dependency to 1.6.23 minimum to be sure to not reference UIWebView.

Bug fix:

>  * MXKRoomDataSource: Wait for store data ready when finalizing initialization on data source (PR #670).

Reviewer: You can reference riot-ios bug here. That will be easier to follow:
```suggestion
 * MXKRoomDataSource: Wait for store data ready when finalizing initialization on data source (vector-im/riot-ios/issues/3159).
```
